Decay the ingest gap count as tool_result lines arrive (#221)
AgentWorkforce/burn: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Style the ingest content-capture gap warning as a `⚠` banner that flows through the active progress spinner (yellow `⚠` via `ora.warn`, multi-line with hang-indent), instead of a `[burn] warning: …` blob that printed mid-spinner.

> - Rewrite the ingest gap warning to track flagged sessions per-process and decay the count as later passes pick up tool_result lines. Drops the inaccurate "may not be implemented for this adapter" framing (all three adapters do capture tool_result) in favor of an honest "still running or killed mid-call" diagnosis. Sessions that heal no longer stay flagged across the rest of the process; once the affected set decays back to zero a fresh regression triggers a new warning.

Author: **Changelog entry is verbose for the conventions in `CLAUDE.md`** ("concise and impact-first... one short bullet per user-visible change"). The rationale ("inaccurate framing", "Sessions that heal no longer stay flagged") belongs in the PR body — the changelog should just name the surface and the practical effect:

```suggestion
- Ingest gap warning now decays as later passes pick up the missing `tool_result` lines, and rewords the message to point at the real cause (still running / killed mid-call) instead of the inaccurate "may not be implemented for this adapter" framing.
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
